feat(core): update useNavigation to pass meta.query as URL params (#6558)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/dry-tomatoes-beg.md

---
"@refinedev/core": minor
---

> This PR fixes an issue where the ListButton componet doesnt include query filter in the URL navigating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PR fixes an issue where the ListButton component doesn't include a query filter in the navigation URL.
```
